# Documents
[Back](index)
### Lore
#### The Beginning


The Imperial Armada is a military force formed on the planet of Arcannia.

The planet Arcannia is a planet with 2 hemispheres of climate. The northern hemisphere being a harsher cold land; while the southern hemisphere is mostly urban and tropical in weather. Arcannia has a long history of civil-wars and warlords fighting over power. The more technology advanced, the deadlier these wars became. Nations formed, nations fell, empire rose, empires fell. The planet was a chaotic sprawl between powers for control. In the year 3532 BY the technology of space-travel was created by Scientist Frozkia. The introduction to space-travel changed the game for the powers of Arcannia. Once in control of it; they could take their sights to the galaxy and conquer anything.

On the northern hemisphere of Arcannia in the harsher colder lands of the planet was a leader of a massive army who's name is Azurecanist. Everyone knows that his army controls a massive number of aircraft and tanks. With the news of space-travel traveling around, he decided to take the power of it as his own. He took his army and went to the northern civilizations in order for him to get more people to support him. With his cunning, he united the entire northern-hemisphere to support his cause and they were called The Armada. The southern-hemisphere of Arcannia; fearing the power The Armada, had united so quickly, formed a coalition formed on unified hate and fear pledged to stop Azurecanist from taking power of Arcannia. The coalition’s name who pledged to stop Azurecanist was called The Syndicate.

In year 3538 BY was the first and largest battle between The Armada and The Syndicate. It was known as The Battle of Arcannia. Featuring the full force of both sides; they were well equipped with artillery, massive number of aircrafts, tanks, and heavy armor. The following is a segment written from a soldier in the Armada who wrote his memoirs after the war.



“I was marching within the ranks of the Armada. We were marching for days without any aggression meeting us. I remember The Battle of Arcannia like it was yesterday. It was cloudy and cold despite not being in the Northern Hemisphere. I remember we were marching our entire force together to meet The Syndicate. Our goal wasn’t to take the ground we were fighting for, it was to crush the enemy and all their morale with it. It was a large open field covered with fresh snow from the night before with mountains on each side making it a valley perfect for a land & aerial battle. Even from such a far distance we could see the enemy’s army. It was massive..
I remember hearing the command ordered, and our ranks moved forward. It didn’t seem right to be marching straight into the enemy rank’s; but Azurecanist had his plan. We marched forward and had the heavy armor in front of us to act as shields. I was behind a tank with its name spray-painted on the back. It was named Keera. I look around me and see each tank holding at least 10 people behind it; as they all huddled against each other praying the next shell or bullet didn’t hit them.
The shells of artillery hit all around us, taking a handful of tanks out with it. Then all of the sudden. Half way across the field the tanks halted held their position. All the soldiers seemed to be at a lost like myself as we hid behind our shields. The artillery didn’t fire at us either; the entire battlefield was silent other than the loud rumble of the tanks & aircrafts crashing. Then from afar we hear the gunfire. 
In that moment I was lost, I was scared. I heard gunfire and all I could see was the entire army of The Syndicate rushing towards us… as if they were running away not charging. Every foot-soldier of the enemy was running head onto us. I saw a tank fire a shell; and that was my cue to fire. I opened fire on my A-12 Machine gun and I held my gun steady as I could. I saw hundreds of the enemy fall; I couldn’t even tell if it was my gun hitting the enemy or not. But I fired, reloaded, fired, reloaded… and I kept going until not a single man was heading towards me. At the time it was a slaughter… I remember being debriefed from a friend in the higher ranks. Azurecanist had a team of elites go behind enemy lines without the enemy knowing. Azurecanist got the loyalty of 2 of the divisions within the enemy. When the time came; and his signal was given. His newly pledged soldiers opened fire upon their new foes. With the tanks & aircrafts firing on their own people; they had no other choice but to run into our forces. It was a slaughter of the entire army. It was The Battle of Arcannia.” - Words from an unknown soldier of the Armada.


After The Battle of Arcannia the entire Syndicate army was in disarray losing almost all their commanders in the battle. Azurecanist split apart the army and united the entire planet of Arcannia in 2 years. His people gave him the rank: Monarch. For he was the keeper of Arcannia itself. Azurecanist united all the civilizations and war bands, making it an Imperial government. The Armada stayed intact and became the Imperial Armada. It is no longer 3538 BY. It is 1 AZ. The beginning of a new era. The beginning of the Imperial Armada.

Join [Imperial Armada](https://www.roblox.com/My/Groups.aspx?gid=2654474)